CS50W Final Project Capstone
-----------------------------

Youtube Video Link :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7r859Nffuw
-----------------------------------------------------------------


Introduction
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MyPokhara is a community website developed for the residents of Pokhara city. While some features are still under maintenance, this website serves a purpose for the people of Pokhara

to share their thoughts.

It also helps in tourism because tourists who would like to visit Pokhara can seek information about Pokharas tourism site through the Blog Page.

In this Blog Page, People can create Posts, Like on the Post, Comment on the post, Edit the Comment, Delete the Comment and many more.

There is an About Page in which the creator of this project(Me) describes how the website works. 

There is an Home Page where Few things about Pokhara is written so that people from other places can know about this city.

There is an Login, Register Page so that the website only permits the users who have signed in to create Posts and do many other operations.


Distinctiveness and Complexity
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I believe my project satisfies the distinctiveness and complexity requirements because it has nothing in common with the other course projects. In fact, in the course, we built:

1.Search- A Clone of Google Search.

2.Wiki- A Clone of WikiPedia.

3.Commerce - A auction website.

4.Network- Clone of Twitter.

MyPokhara is a interactive community site that contains blogging functions from where you seek information about Pokhara and share your opinions in the comment section. 

My project was built using Django with 4 models on the back-end and JavaScript in the front-end for updating and displaying content like editing, deleting comments and liking posts.

My application is also mobile responsive. Each page sizes its elements to fit the width of a mobile device.


Files and What's inside them 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

pokhara
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
static/static:

Contains like.js which in used in the websites front end development.

Contains styles.css which is the framework for the attractiveness of the website.

templates/pokhara:

about.html : Template file  which talks about how the website works.

blog.html : Template file which is the homepage for blogs.

index.html : Template file that is the  main homepage for the whole website.

chat.html : Template file for Pubic Chat Page.

marketplace.html : Template file for Marketplace Page.

edit.html : Template file for editing Posts.

create.html : Template file for creating blogs.

layout.html : Base template for displaying all templates. Contains navbar.

login.html : Template file for logging in the user.

register.html : Template file for registering the user.

post.html : Template file for every post after clicking on  View Post.

user.html : Template file for checking details of the user.


admin.py: registers Django models to be used in the application.

models.py: contains the Models or tables that are to be used with the SQLite database.

urls.py: contains the application's urls.

views.py: contains all the views of the application and the form for the Event model

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

mypokhara
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
settings.py: generated by Django; contains configuration for custom timezone, email settings and credentials from .env file, and where media is to be saved.


urls.py: contains the project urls and settings for media.


Models
---------------------------------------------------------
Four models were used for this application:

User - An extension of Django's AbstractUser class model.

Posts - Stores all the information about the Posts.

Comments - Stores all the information about the Comments.

Likes - Stores all the infromation about the Likes. 



How to run application:
----------------------------------------------------------

Install Python if not already done so.


Create a virtual environment inside project directory.


By writing Run python3 -m venv <name_of_virtualenv>

Install Django.

Run command:
python manage.py runserver
